ACTS AND LAWS
Information Security Management System (ISMS) 
An Information Security Management System (ISMS) is a structured framework designed to protect an organization's sensitive data assets. It ensures the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information by coordinating processes, technology, and resources. ISMS is defined by ISO/IEC 27001 and is essential for compliance with regulations like GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018. It provides a systematic approach to managing information security risks, ensuring that only authorized individuals can access the right information at the right time.

Control Objectives for Information and Related Technologies (COBIT) 
COBIT is a framework in which is designed to facilitate the way information technology is developed, improved, implemented and managed. 

What Are The Principles Of The COBIT Framework?
Governing principles play a key role in ensuring IT solutions effectively support an organization. There are five COBIT governing principles.

Address stakeholder needs
COBIT ensures that stakeholders' needs are systematically identified and then met.

End-to-end enterprise coverage
Because COBIT can be applied to every area of your IT infrastructure, it provides comprehensive, end-to-end coverage for an enterprise.

Employing integrated frameworks
COBIT uses integrated frameworks, which involve models that support the communication between different software applications in a service-oriented architecture (SOA).

Following a holistic approach
COBIT follows a holistic approach, meaning it looks at the IT system as a whole and addresses its needs accordingly, instead of using small, micro solutions meant to improve isolated processes.

Segregation of governance from management
COBIT separates governance from management. Governance involves a system of checks and balances used to assess the effectiveness of a system, while management focuses on the approaches and decisions used to improve how an IT system functions.


ISO/IEC 27001 is the international standard for establishing, implementing, and maintaining an Information Security Management System (ISMS) to protect sensitive information systematically and effectively.


